music
Victory and victory to you,
Oh darling daughter of the mountain,
Who makes the whole earth happy,
Who rejoices with this universe,
Who is the daughter of Nanda,
Who resides on the peak of Vindhyas,
Who plays with Lord Vishnu,
Who has a glittering mien,
Who is praised by other goddesses,
Who is the consort of the lord with the blue neck,
Who has several families,
Who does good to her family.
Who has captivating braided hair
Who is the daughter of a mountain.
And who is the slayer of Mahishasura.
music
Victory and victory to you,
Oh darling daughter of the mountain,
Oh goddess who showers boons on devas,
Who punishes those who are undisciplined.
Who tolerates ugly faced ogres,
Who enjoys in being happy,
Who looks after the three worlds,
Who pleases lord Shiva,
Who removes effect of sins,
Who rejoices with the holy sound,
Who is angry on the progenies of Dhanu,
Who is angry with the children of Dithi,
Who discourages those with pride,
Who is the daughter of the Ocean,
Who has captivating braided hair,
Who is the daughter of a mountain.
And who is the slayer of Mahishasura.
music
Victory and victory to you,
Oh darling daughter of the mountain,
Oh , mother of the entire world,
Who loves to live in the forest of Kadambha trees,
Who enjoys to smile,
Who lives in the top peak of the great Himalayas
Who is sweeter than honey,
Who keeps the treasures of Madhu and Kaidabha,
Who is the slayer of Kaidabha,
Who enjoys her dancing,
Who has captivating braided hair,
Who is the daughter of a mountain.
And who is the slayer of Mahishasura.